          MODULE=lugaru-hg
         VERSION=trunk
          SOURCE=$MODULE-$VERSION.tar.bz2
      SOURCE_URL=hg+http://hg.icculus.org/icculus/lugaru
        WEB_SITE=http://www.wolfire.com/lugaru
         ENTERED=20110630
         UPDATED=`date -u +%Y%m01`
           SHORT="3D fighting game"

cat << EOF
Lugaru's primary feature is its unique combat system. Instead of relying on
confusing button combinations to perform moves, Lugaru's moves are all logical
and context sensitive. For example, if an opponent aims a roundhouse kick at
Turner's head, you can crouch and then stand up under the attack to grab your
assailant's leg and kick him away. If you try and punch an opponent and he
tries to throw you over his shoulder, you can crouch to roll painlessly out of
the throw. This new combat system makes fights look and feel much more intense
and believable than in any other game. You can see it in action with the
gameplay movies above.

However, if straight close-range combat with hands, knives, swords and staves
is not your style, you can also use stealth, but you have to be smart about it.
If you cut a wolf's throat, be sure to wipe the blood off your knife or another
wolf might smell it. Enemy rabbits have very keen hearing, so be sure to walk
quietly, and kill enemies before they make too much noise or run to alert their
friends. Also, if they do bring their friends, don't expect them to stupidly
take turns fighting you. It is not unusual for one enemy to sweep your feet out
from under you and another to smash you while you fall.

Because of the emphasis on gameplay, the graphics are designed to let the game
run as smoothly as possible. It should run at full speed at full detail on any
system with a 700 MHz processor and Geforce 3 or better graphics card. It
should run acceptably on any system with a 300 MHz processor and Rage 128 or
better graphics card. While models do not have as many polygons as in some new
commercial games, there is an unprecedented amount of detail where it actually
matters.  If an enemy shatters his staff on your skull then your vision will
unfocus slightly for a few seconds. Jumping through trees creates a shower of
leaves (and snow if it is in a cold area). Landing an especially solid blow to
the head can spatter blood on the wall and knock out a couple teeth. If you
throw a knife into a wolf, blood will drip down his fur as he yanks out the
knife and uses it against you. It is even possible to smash enemies so hard
into walls that the surface cracks. Motion blur makes fast movement easier to
track.

Technical Features:

- Fast terrain engine with texture blending, footprints, and transparent fog
- Unique fast-paced combat system with weapons, attack reversals, and
  counter-reversals
- Skeletal animation with rag-doll physics and hand and face expressions
- Motion blur and many other effects
EOF
